                                                Welcome to the Ecosystem Simulation!
                                          Creators: Mehadi Chowdhury, Fatima Ali, Frank Hong
Overview of the Simulation Display 

  There are three main sections of the simulation display. 
  The top left corner contains the buttons, drop down menu,and sliders that the user can click and use 
  to change the simulation. The bottom left section displays the year number and the month.
  The picture complementing the seasons will change at: Month 12 for Winter, 
  Month 3 for Spring, Month 6 for Summer, Month 9 for Fall.  
  The entire right sector of the board displays the actual simulation, showcasing deer and coyote interaction.

Starting the Simulation: 

  > After the program is open, you will see the full program screen. 
  > As mentioned before, the left side board will contain many different buttons. 
  > The right side board will display the simulation.  
  > Click “Simulate” in the top right board to start the simulation. 
  > You will see the deer and coyotes move around in the right side board.

Summary of Interactions 
 
 Deer 
	 > feed from shrubs, drink from lake, run away from coyotes, usually to places safer from their predators. 
         Have shorter lives and mate more. 
 Coyotes 
	 > look for deer (food source), hunt and eat them. Drink from lake, have longer lives, usually mate less.  
 Both 
	 > procreate and die, are affected by plague, old age, starvation, thirst and the weather 

1. Define Birth Rate Slider:
	 - This slider allows the user to increase or decrease the animals’ spawning rate. 
           The slider will start in the middle at a pre-set normal rate.  
2. Define Death Rate Slider:
	  - This slider allows the user to increase or decrease the animals’ dying rate. 
            The slider will start in the middle at a pre-set normal rate.  
3. Define Sim Speed Slider:
	  - This slider allows the user to increase or decrease the speed of the simulation. 
            The slider will start in the middle at a pre-set normal rate.  
4. Plague Button:
	  - Clicking “Plague” will cause the program to have the user select an animal on the grid, 
            and kill other members of its species around it. The animal itself will die, along with 
            75% death rate for animals in a one block radius, 50% death rate for animals in a two block 
            radius and 25% for animals in a three block radius.
5. Rainfall Button:
	 - Clicking “Rainfall” will cause new shrubs to grow in the simulation, if it is not Winter

6. Drought Button:
	 - Clicking “Drought” will cause 50% of the shrubs in the simulation to die off, if it is not Winter. 